Think about 'em, the generations and to say
that we want to make it a better place
for our children and our children's children,
so that they,
they, they know it's a better world for
them.
I think they can make it a better place.
There's a place in your heart
and I know that it is Love.
And this place could be
much brighter than tomorrow.
And if you really try you'll find there's no need to cry.
In this place you'll feel
there's no hurt or sorrow.
There are ways to get there
if you care enough for the living.
Make a little space,
make a better place.
Heal the world.
Make it a better place
for you and for me
and the entire human race.
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
make a better place for
you and for me.
If you want to know why,
there's a love that cannot lie.
Love is strong.
It only cares for joyful giving.
If we try we shall see
in this bliss we cannot feel
fear or dread.
We stop existing and start living.
Then it feels that always
love's enough for us growing.
Make a better world.
Heal the world.
Make it a better place for you and for me
and the entire human race.
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
make a better place for
you and for me.
And the dream we were conceived in
will reveal a joyful face.
And the world we once believed in
will shine again in grace.
Then why do we keep strangling life?
Wound this earth, crucify it's soul,
though it's plain to see, this world is heavenly.
Be God's glow.
We could fly so high.
Let our spirits never die.
In my heart I feel
you are all my brothers.
Create a world with no fear.
Together we'll cry happy tears.
See the nations turn
their swords into plowshares.
We could really get there
if you cared enough for the living.
Make a little space
to make a better place.
Heal the world.
Make it a better place
for you and for me and the entire human race.
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
make a better place for
you and for me.
Heal the world.
Make it a better place
for you and for me and the entire human race.
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
Make a better place for you and for me
Heal the world
Make it a better place for you and for me
And the entire human race
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
make a better place for
you and for me.
There are people dying.
If you care enough for the living
Then make a better place for you and for me
There are people dying
If you care enough for the living
Make a better place for you and for me
You and for me
Make a better place
Heal the world we live in
Save it for our children.